# MIST355A2
MIST355A2
This Project is still in the early phases. There is only the basic out line of a home page and there would need to be several more pages and link added in order to show the fill scop of everything. This project is to show weather and its effects on avaiation. Right now there is only one page that just demonstrates how weather can effect the speed of aviation when the aircraft is in the air, which would be more general knowledge for how weather in aviation can effect normal life. Ideally I would want another page that shows weather impact on military aviation operation, and alos for how variable weather effects aviation. Right now everything is fairly bearbones for the website structure.
The home page is the center of the site, giving a description of the overall goal of the site, then providing a description for each of the other web pages in their own section.
I would like to obviously finish the other pages to add, but alos instead of their being a hyperlink to each page I want to also add buttons at the top of the page fer a better look and easier access.
The page I made is a page to demonstrate how jetstreams effect the speed of aviation, showing different times of east/west flights and time difference from going in different directions. I wanted to add something more dynamic on this page, but I could not think of anything. I think the only thing that should be added on this is some slight reformatting and probably some more detailed discription of jet streams. I recived all my information of Jetstreams from Khan academy, then flight times are from Googles flight time search feature. I did not use ChatGPT for this project, as I wanted practice without it, but I will credit it as I used it some outside this project to play around some.
